Update teams-live-event-usage-report.md (#7800)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-analytics-and-reports/teams-live-event-usage-report.md

|**5**   |Select **Edit columns** to add or remove columns in the table.|

## Notes
We show up to 100 live events that match the current report criteria. To see more live events, apply date filters to reduce the list size. 

> Users who watch the recording of the event or the event on demand will not be included in the view count. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everybody who watches the recording of the event or the event on demand will not be included in the view count. 
```
